DOCS-2319 Synthetic Monitoring API Test, Browser Test, and Multistep API Test Edits (#11433)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/multistep.md

## Overview

Multistep API tests allow you to chain [HTTP tests][1] to proactively monitor that sophisticated journeys on your key services are available at anytime and from anywhere.

You can:

* Execute HTTP requests on API endpoints requiring authentication (for example, through a token)
* Monitor key business transactions at the API level

> * Simulate end-to-end mobile applications journeys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simulate end-to-end mobile application journeys
```

**Note**: Multistep API tests allow you to link several HTTP requests in a single test. If you want to perform single requests to your services, you can leverage [API tests][6].

## Permissions

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][7] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic multistep API tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic multistep API tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][7].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][7] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic multistep API tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic multistep API tests, upgrade your user to one of those two [default roles][7].
```

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][7] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic multistep API tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic multistep API tests, upgrade your user to one of these two [default roles][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][7] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic multistep API tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic multistep API tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][7].
```

> If you have access to the [custom role feature][8], add your user to a custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have access to the [custom role feature][8], add your user to any custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.
```

## Configuration

### Name and tag your test

1. Name your Multistep API test.

> 2. Add `env` and other tags to your Multistep API test. Then, use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][9].

Reviewer 2: It feels like it's something users would want to do right after adding those tags. The second sentence is actually more about explaining why tags are useful.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add `env` and other tags to your Multistep API test. You can use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][9].
```

> 2. Add `env` tags and other tags to your Multistep API test. You can then use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `env` and other tags to your Multistep API test. Then, use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][9].
```

### Select locations

> Select the run **Locations** for your Multistep API test. Multistep API tests can run from both [managed][4] and [private locations][5] depending on your preference for running the test from outside or inside your network.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above + not sure about the notion of "run locations", why not using just locations?

Author: ```suggestion
Select the **Locations** for your Multistep API test. Multistep API tests can run from both [managed][4] and [private locations][5] depending on your preference for running the test from outside or inside your network.
```

> Select the **Locations** to run your Multistep API test from. Multistep API tests can run from both [managed][4] and [private locations][5] depending on whether you are willing to run the test from outside or inside your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the run **Locations** for your Multistep API test. Multistep API tests can run from both [managed][4] and [private locations][5] depending on your preference for running the test from outside or inside your network.
```

  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This is helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. Use mindfully as this can make failure troubleshooting more difficult. For information about security recommendations, see [Synthetic Monitoring Security][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent the response body from being saved at runtime. This is helpful to ensure no sensitive data is displayed in your test results, but it can make failure troubleshooting more difficult. For information about security recommendations, see [Synthetic Monitoring Security][1].
```

1. Enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores and must have at least three characters.
2. Decide whether to extract your variable from the response headers, or from the response body:

>     * Extract the value from **response header**: use the full response header of your HTTP request as variable value or parse it with a [regex][11].
>     * Extract the value from **response body**: use the full response body of your HTTP request as variable value, parse it with a [regex][11] or a [JSONPath][10].

Author: ```suggestion
    * Extract the value from **response header**: use the full response header of your HTTP request as the variable value, or parse it with a [regex][11].
    * Extract the value from **response body**: use the full response body of your HTTP request as variable value, parse it with a [regex][11], [JSONPath][10], or [XPath][18].
```

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured with the [API][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of a failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result. The retry interval can be configured with the [API][12].
```

### Use variables

> You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][16] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, Advanced Options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][16] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, advanced options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.
```

[4]: /api/v1/synthetics/#get-all-locations-public-and-private
[5]: /synthetics/private_locations
[6]: /synthetics/api_tests/
[7]: /synthetics/search/#search
[8]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
[9]: https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_syntax.asp
[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions

> [11]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
[11]: /api/latest/synthetics/#edit-an-api-test
```
